The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Girl's Own Paper, Vol. VIII, No. 375,
March 5, 1887, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: The Girl's Own Paper, Vol. VIII, No. 375, March 5, 1887

Author: Various

Editor: Charles Peters

Release Date: November 27, 2021 [eBook #66830]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

Produced by: Susan Skinner and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
             https://www.pgdp.net

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE GIRL'S OWN PAPER, VOL. VIII,
NO. 375, MARCH 5, 1887 ***




[Illustration: THE GIRL’S OWN PAPER]

VOL. VIII.—NO. 375.]      MARCH 5, 1887.       [PRICE ONE PENNY.




THE STORM

BY ESTHER WIGLESWORTH.


    Hark! hark! hark!
      Hark to the thunder’s roar,
    Hark how the maddened waves
      Burst on the rock-girt shore!
    Lashed by the furious winds,
      Their foaming crests they rear,
    Rush on with mighty bound,
      Start back in shuddering fear.

    Hark to the rattling hail!
      Hark to the driving rain!
    The heavens, a blaze of light,
      Throb as in quiv’ring pain;
    All Nature seems to work,
      Unchecked, its own wild will,
    While man looks on in awe,
      And bird and beast are still.

    God on the whirlwind rides,
      The storm is ’neath His feet,
    He holds in His right hand
      The winds, His coursers fleet;
    They bear creation’s Lord
      In triumph on His way,
    And in their maddest race
      His slightest check obey.

    The lightning is His glance,
      His breath upheaves the sea,
    The thunder His dread voice
      Of awful majesty;
    In Nature’s seeming war
      Its Maker walks abroad,
    And all its mighty powers
      Are servants of our God.

[Illustration: THE COMING STORM.]

_All rights reserved._]




SOME OF THE POETRY WE READ.

A FEW NOTES ON THE MODERN USE OF THE OLD FRENCH METRICAL FORMS.

BY J. W. GLEESON WHITE.


CHAPTER I.

INTRODUCTION.—THE TRIOLET.

Elsewhere in the pages of THE GIRL’S OWN PAPER a writer has explained
the laws of form governing and underlying what we call “classical”
music. To those who love art, in whatever guise it comes to us—as
symphony, picture, or poem—a very slight amount of careful study of
its accepted laws will repay a thousandfold the trouble taken. Having
grasped even the faintest idea of the reason for the special shape of
a sonata or a sonnet, the interest in the work itself becomes more
keen. Then, too, it will be seen why literary men and artists choose
the higher forms of their art to clothe their ideas. There is too often
a feeling that the chief difference between popular and classical art
is that the one is “dry,” while the other is pleasing. This is in part
true, but only when scholastic rules are obtruded too prominently. For
while it may be at once conceded that too great an attention to form
produces dry bones, yet genius can make these live, for subject as they
are to laws, and having clear sequence of form, they have inherent
vitality and strength, relying on more than mere fashion to keep their
hold on the people, in spite of the varying taste of each passing year.

Nature, to whom we all come alike for our simplest as our highest
thoughts, works in many ways, but all subject to inviolable laws. These
may often be not evident at a cursory glance, and still more often
beyond our keenest search; we can only infer the law from the result.
In mere human work, what one man produces is more or less easily
understood by his fellow-man, and a knowledge of the rules to which he
conformed, adds interest to our pleasure in his work, and makes us able
to be real critics, to some extent, while mere taste or feeling can lay
claim to no more than a personal and often valueless opinion.

The laws which govern music are probably better known than those which
rule verse, as our English poets choose generally a freer and more
flexible mode of expression than the old writers allowed. Again, in
music the form is more easily seen, for two reasons: one, that constant
habit of hearing pieces in strict form has given us knowledge, without
our being able to formulate it; the other, that the subjects of music,
being at most vague and abstract, are left out of the title of works
by the great masters, save in a very few instances. Even the “Eroica
Symphony” or the “Wedding March” merely suggests abstract feelings. To
describe a rose or an umbrella, for example, is impossible in music.
We can only suggest praise, or grief, and similar emotional feelings.
Therefore the shape only is usually given in the title, such as a
march, minuet, or sonata. But in poetry the shape is rarely described.
Even in the most widely used of these fixed forms, the sonnet, the
shape is not by any means invariably expressed in the title. In the
verses written in imitation of the Old French Troubadours it is more
often used. In the _rondeau_, the most widely chosen, it is not always
given, but the _triolet_, _villanelle_, or _ballade_ is almost always
so described in the title, the shape, as in music, ranking worthy of
interest in itself. These old shapes are more akin to the fugue and
canon in music, as the whole work has inner laws governing each detail,
and making the choice of words or notes decided beforehand to a great
extent by the form.

It is intended in this paper to describe a few of the forms which have
of late found favour with the younger school of living poets, for a
twofold reason: first, that their readers may better appreciate their
works; secondly, that the amateur verse-writer may gain a knowledge of
these verse shapes, and thereby be able to produce trifles which are
worthy of attention. Although it is not given to many to produce great
thoughts, yet to acquire a polished mode of displaying lesser ones to
advantage, is in itself worth the trying. The tendency to diffusiveness
which weakens so much verse, until the pretty trifling becomes
wearisome, would be lessened if a strict form were first chosen, and
the subject necessarily compressed within its limits.

The greater number of these forms originated with the Troubadours, and
here, for mere brevity’s sake, only a very few words must be said. The
subject of their loves and their lives has been so fully discussed that
a mere _résumé_ of all that is known would fill many parts of this
magazine. Hallam says “the earliest records cannot trace them beyond
A.D. 1100, and they became extinct at the end of the next century.
While they flourished they numbered many hundreds of versifiers in
the language of Provence, though not always natives of France.” It
would be interesting, if space allowed, to quote from some of the
many histories. I had intended to do so, but the growing material
forbade the idea of using it here, and so I must refer would-be
inquirers to some of the more easily accessible works. Foremost is Dr.
Francis Hueffer’s “The Troubadours,” published in 1878; it gives a
scholarly and full account of the most salient members of the school
and their works. “The Troubadours: their Loves and Lives,” by Mr.
John Rutherford, is also interesting; while a work by M. Theodore de
Banville, the “Petit Traité de Poésie Française,” affords an exhaustive
analysis of the rules of their verse and its modern imitations.

Their verse was distinguished by its being subject to very strict and
subtle laws, often involved and carried to an artificial complexity,
perilously near the triumph of sound over sense; yet it has a charm
peculiarly its own. The forms of this school being still exotic, and
not (except the sonnet) incorporated into English literature, gives
them a special fitness when employed for fanciful trifles on subjects
of an older time.

The qualities termed “conceits” by the old English writers, are
admirably expressed through the medium of these old shapes; a certain
amount of extravagance of compliment and affectation is not out of
place here. The flavour of the verse smacks of the “Moyen Age,” or
“Powder and Fan” period beloved by artists. In these forms the shape
of the verse itself takes the place somewhat of the costume and
accessories of a painting, and gives local colour to the subject. When
used in this way, as Mr. Austin Dobson has so often shown, they can be
made (like a picture by Abbey) to reproduce the past in a living way,
with its own domestic sentiment, far removed from a mere archæological
or academic study of olden days, which often appeals to the intellect
rather than the feeling, and moves us to criticise the method employed,
instead of falling under the charm of the subject described.

But they are by no means limited to this class of subject, as Mr.
Swinburne’s Roundels show. Nature and her moods may be sung as fitly in
these, as in the most free forms of poetry.

Many estimable but badly-informed people think that poetry or verse
(unluckily these terms are synonymous to them) is either a divine
outburst of feeling, expressing itself almost spontaneously in rhyme,
or, sad to say, a mere vehicle to hide the poverty of ideas, and eke
out a repetition of fancies intolerable in prose. The multitude are
slow to realise law in any shape, and in art no less than nature look
upon most results as the effect of what a critic has termed “the
glorious gospel of haphazard.” To these poetry suggests no art in
itself, only a more or less musical jingle of pretty sounds, gay or
plaintive feelings, while the whole is unreal and fantastic.

But to avoid further preface, let us take a specimen of the
aforementioned forms, choosing a dainty little epigrammatic verse
known as the _Triolet_, to start with. This form, complete always in
eight short lines, is peculiarly a product of the old French school of
verse, and is in itself, to some extent, an epitome of all the rest.
Almost new in English poetry, the first examples dating from a volume
of poems published in 1873 by Mr. Bridges, it has yet won many friends,
although, so far as diligent search by the present writer has been able
to trace them, a selection of the best would fill but a few pages of
this paper.

Flexible only in the rhythm and length of its lines, which are
generally about six feet (syllabic feet, of course) in length, it is
stern, and forbids tampering in all other respects, allowing but two
rhyme-sounds for the whole of the lines. The lines themselves are
repeated in a certain unalterable order; the first two serve again for
the seventh and eighth, while the fourth is also a repetition of the
first; no syllable even, in the best examples, is changed in these
lines. But on each fresh appearance the words should, if possible,
convey a fresh phase of the idea, the emphasis alone serving to mark
the distinction. On studying the examples given, it will be found that
the crux lies in the treatment of the fifth and sixth lines, while the
way the third is connected with the fourth, and the neatness with which
the final couplet is repeated to form a necessary part of the whole,
and not a mere repeat to fill up the prescribed form, is almost as
difficult. The following example is a very perfect one; it comes in a
sequence of triolets by Mr. Austin Dobson, entitled “Rose Leaves.” The
first version ran:—

    “I intended an ode,
      And it turned into triolets.
    It began _à la mode_:
    I intended an ode;
    But Rose crossed the road
      With a bunch of fresh violets;
    I intended an ode,
      And it turned into triolets.”

This has a literary interest apart from its own merits, as the critics,
on its first introduction, blamed Mr. Dobson severely for attempting
to english the word triolet. “Suppose an audacious person were to
extend the license, and introduce cabriolet as a thirdsman?” said _The
Academy_, on June 23, 1877. In spite of Mr. W. S. Gilbert, in _Princess
Ida_, trying also to rhyme it to violet—

    “Oh, dainty triolet! oh, fragrant violet! oh,
       gentle heigho-let! (or little sigh)”—

the word remains French; and in a later version Mr. Dobson has re-cast
the poem.

    “I intended an ode,
      And it turned to a sonnet.
    I began _à la mode_.
    I intended an ode;
    But Rose crossed the road
      In her latest new bonnet.
    I intended an ode,
      And it turned to a sonnet.”

This may be better rhyme, but the _raison d’être_ is gone; it has not
turned to a sonnet, but is still a triolet.

To understand the form more clearly, it is best to take one and dissect
it, thereby showing its structure. To avoid mutilating a master’s work,
and possibly misinterpreting it, I will take one in my possession, not
yet published, printing it, not as it would be, but displayed (to use
a technical term), thereby exaggerating the emphasis with which the
writer intended it should be read.


“A WAVERER.

    She has a _primrose_ at her breast:
      I almost wish I were a Tory.
    _I_ like the Radicals the best,
    _SHE_ has a primrose at _HER_ breast,
    Now is it chance she so is drest?
      Or must I tell a story?
    She _HAS_ a primrose at her breast:
      I almost _wish_ I _WERE_ a Tory.”

Here we see the whole is a soliloquy in the historic present tense.
The first two lines explain the incident, the third the speaker’s
own comment on it, noting in the fourth how it differs from his own
opinion. In the fifth he meditates on the reason which has affected
him. In the sixth he wavers between insincerity and politeness or truth
and the chance of conveying a sense of unfriendliness; while in the
last he concludes that it is a fact they differ, and, still undecided
in action, wishes the reason had not existed so that he might sincerely
agree with the supposed Primrose lady, and avoid feigning a political
acquiescence of opinion. So trifling an incident will not bear analysis
on its own merits, and is merely dwelt on to explain the structure of
the verse.

A triolet should be complete in itself. In a very able article in
the _Cornhill Magazine_ (July, 1877) Mr. E. W. Gosse points out the
danger of a fascinating tendency to connect a sequence of triolets. The
constant recurrence of the lines would soon become fatally monotonous.
One or two at the most are bearable.

A typical pair appeared in a number of _The Century_ (January, 1883).
Thoroughly American, they show well, first the half-bantering,
half-real feeling of the poet, artificial in expression, yet not
altogether untrue, while her answer shows the American girl pure and
simple, the conventional courtesy of the first being happily balanced
by the naïve frankness of the second.


“WHAT HE SAID.

    This kiss upon your fan I press—
      Ah! Sainte Nitouche, you don’t refuse it?
    And may it from its soft recess—
    This kiss upon your fan I press—
    Be blown to you a shy caress,
      By this white down, whene’er you use it,
    This kiss upon your fan I press—
      Ah! Sainte Nitouche, you don’t refuse it.”


“WHAT SHE THOUGHT.

    To kiss a fan!
      What a poky poet!
    The stupid man,
    To kiss a fan,
    When he knows that—he—can,
      Or ought to know it—
    To kiss a _fan_!
      What a poky poet!”

            _Harrison Robertson._

Yet another American one, by H. C. Bumer, may be quoted to show a
subject not at first sight so suitable to the triolet form.

    “A pitcher of mignonette,
      In a tenement’s highest casement;
    Queer sort of a flowerpot, yet
    That pitcher of mignonette
    Is a garden in heaven set,
      To the little sick child in the basement,
    A pitcher of mignonette,
    In the tenement’s highest casement.”

If space allowed there are other dainty flowerets to be culled from
this bunch of French exotics, which seem to be cultivated more in
America than at home at present. None of our greater poets has, I
think, published a triolet. The influence of this form is seen in Mr.
Swinburne’s oft-quoted poem, “A Match” (If love were what the rose is);
and Longfellow has an evident translation of one, although he has not
followed strictly the peculiar repetition of the lines.

But many of our younger poets have published triolets. Mr. Austin
Dobson is _facile princeps_ in this form (as indeed in nearly all these
Provençal rhythms), while Mr. John Payne and Mr. Andrew Lang rarely if
ever use it, although rondeaux and ballades are very frequent in their
volumes. Miss Pfeiffer has used it once. Miss A. Mary F. Robinson has
a very charming triolet sequence “Fiametta,” which almost reconciles
one to the connected triolet. But two or three variations from the
strict form, while relieving the monotony of the poem, prove yet more
strongly the truth of the warning given by Mr. Gosse. Miss May Probyn
in her volume a “Ballad of the Road,” has several good specimens, and
here and there among periodical literature sufficient are to be found
to warrant a hope that the dainty little epigrammatic verse may yet
pass into accepted currency, and supply for epigram or pretty trifling
fancies the place the sonnet has acquired for the presentation of
stately images and profound thought. While the very care with which the
accepted form may be filled up appears at first sight to augur great
popularity, probably that very reason has made writers more cautious
in using it, since it can be so quickly abused and made unbearable
doggerel, unless the recurring lines have a reasonable pretext for
their repetition. Finally, a word of advice to those who attempt a
triolet. Choose a slight, fanciful incident; let the rhymes be exact
and easy; and be content with the “suggestion” (which, like a clever
sketch) it gives of some trivial event or idea, avoiding complex
subjects or too deep thoughts, for which the form is not well suited.

(_To be concluded._)




VARIETIES.


WHAT IS DEATH?

    There is no death! What seems so is transition;
      This life of mortal breath
    Is but the suburb of the life elysian,
      Whose portal we call death.

            —_Longfellow._


AN APPROVING CONSCIENCE.—The most exquisite of human satisfactions
flows from an approving conscience.


AIMING AT PERFECTION.—Aim at perfection in everything, though in most
things it is unattainable. However, they who aim at it and persevere
will come much nearer to it than those whose laziness and despondency
make them give it up as unattainable.


CULTIVATING THE MIND.—The mind is but a barren soil—a soil which is
soon exhausted and will produce no crop, or only one, unless it be
continually fertilised and enriched with foreign matter.


PLAIN PROOFS.—Ungraceful attitudes and actions and a certain
left-handedness (if I may use that word) loudly proclaim low education
and low company.—_Chesterfield._


TOO AMIABLE.—There are many women who would be very amiable if they
could only lose sight for a little of the fact that they are so.


THE IMPORTANCE OF FOOD.—The question of food lies at the foundation
of all other questions. There is no mind, no work, no health, without
food; and just as we are fed defectively and improperly, so are our
frames developed in a way unfitted to secure that greatest of earthly
blessings—a sound mind in a sound body.—_Dr. Lankester._


KEEPING SECRETS.—A man is more faithful in keeping the secrets of
others than his own; a woman, on the contrary, keeps her own secrets
better than those of others.—_La Bruyere._


NOT A BAD MATCH.

An attorney brought in an immense bill to a lady for some business he
had done for her. The lady, to whom he had once paid his addresses,
murmured at the charges.

“Madam,” replied the limb of the law, “I wanted to convince you that my
profession is lucrative, and that I should not have been a bad match.”


WAYS OF THE WISE.—Philosophic-minded people hanker not after what is
unattainable, are not inclined to grieve after what is lost, nor are
they perplexed even in calamities.




[Illustration: HEALTH IN THE KITCHEN-GARDEN.

BY MEDICUS.]


Of the thousand and one ills—the word “one” signifying “all the
rest”—that afflict humanity, young and old, by far the larger
proportion are what may be called chronic troubles. And I do not
refer to any particular or decided form of illness, but when I say
“chronic,” I mean the term to relate to people who are seldom overwell,
who are easily tired, subject to fits of low spirits, have but small
inclination for the exercise which they know they need, who have at
times no pleasure in other folks’ society, and none in their own, whose
stomachs are easily put out of order, who do not always sleep as well
as they would wish to, whose systems are dry and irregular generally,
who suffer at times from headache, at times from backache, and at times
from aches all over.

What a tremendously long sentence I have just written! It almost
frightens me to look back at it. Well, this class of complainers—for
if they do not complain to others they do so to themselves quietly,
and have fancies that all the world is heartless and cold, and a dozen
other things that “it didn’t houghter to be,” as the old charwoman
said—this class, I say, are nearly always work-a-day girls; I do not
refer altogether to manual labour, but to businesses that necessitate
a good deal of mental thought and calculation. But many belong also to
this class, who have nothing at all to do, and whose minds might be
said to be preying on their constitutions.

Well, at all events, there they are, these chronically poorly people.
They will not admit that there is anything very much the matter with
them, but at the same time no class of sufferers have a sharper eye for
the advertisement of some infallible nostrum, that is going to banish
sickness from this world entirely, or a sharper ear to listen to any
suggested remedy, no matter who it is that recommends it. It may be an
old wife’s cure. That does not signify; they simply console themselves
with the belief that old wives often know a deal more than doctors, and
swallow the compound.

Now let me tell this class of invalids: I. That medicines are probably
not wanted at all in such complaints as theirs. II. That medicine of
any kind often does more harm than good. III. That it is folly to think
or believe that a complaint which has lasted perhaps months, can be
charmed away in a day or two by the best doctor in life. For the time
a cure takes must bear some proportion to the time the complaint has
lasted. I wish you to pin your faith on those facts, and bear them in
mind.

If it be true that in nearly all cases of the chronic debility I refer
to—and I sincerely believe it is true—the blood-making process is
primarily at fault, then, before we can remove the symptoms, it is
evident we must attend to the cause. And to do so we must go to the
fountain-head from which all the evil flows, and this will be found to
be the stomach. In other words, these chronic complaints—with all their
aches and rheums and pains, bad sleep, lowness of spirits, fluttering
at the heart, palpitations, and what are termed “indescribable
feelings”—may be due to a kind of dyspepsia. The system is wholly too
sluggish; the liver is inactive, and consequently the heart itself is
weak, and being unable to supply the brain and nervous system generally
with good, honest, life-giving blood, all kinds of symptoms may occur.
These are often called imaginary, but they are real enough, for all
that.

I have said that the taking of medicine may do actual harm. Have we
any substitute? Yes; and we find it in the use of vegetables and fruit,
both of which are very much neglected.

These supply the blood with certain salts of a cooling nature, and
without which the principal internal vital organs are unable to secrete
material to keep the system regular.

Very often these organs act with great irregularity, or by fits and
starts, so that we may have a patient complaining of two different
states of system in the same week.

Now, it is possible that the reader of these lines is not to be ranked
among the rich, who keep one, two, three, or more gardeners, but that
still she lives in the country, and is in possession of a patch of
kitchen-garden. If so, I seriously advise that it should be turned to
the very best account. I do not wish this to be thought a gardening
article, but, nevertheless, I ought, for health’s sake, to throw out a
hint or two about the vegetables that ought to be grown for health’s
sake, and I will leave it for others to say how this green food is to
be cooked.

Ladies are fond of doing a bit of flower-gardening, but, as a rule,
they abjure the cultivation of vegetables, or they know nothing really
about it. It is a pity this should be so, for the kitchen-garden, if
not a large one, certainly does not entail a deal of hard work, and the
work is of a sort most conducive to health.

I shall suppose that you have secured the services of some “male
creature,” in, say, the month of February or March, to do the first or
rough work—the turning over of the ground with the spade—and that he
has secured sufficient richness of the soil, and done his work well,
and left it level, and that you yourself are to sow the seeds.

Under your own superintendence, then, the beds are mapped out, the
width of each being exactly the same (say six feet), and their length
equal to the breadth of the plot of ground to be under cultivation.
Between each bed there is formed a hollow division or path about a foot
wide, and the beds are not to encroach upon the borders round, which
are sacred to gooseberry bushes, rose-trees, flowers, and currants,
black and red.

Choose a fine, sunny day to sow your seeds. First rake your beds most
levelly and carefully, not leaving a ball of earth even an inch in
diameter. When well raked they should be as level as a dining-room
table, not all in little heaps, as if the Cochins had been scraping
them.

Make the drills—by aid of a garden line and foot rule—with the back of
the rake, and not more than an inch and a half deep, each drill to be
nine inches apart; put peas in two rows, only six inches apart, and a
foot and a half between each double row. This foot and a half may seem
a waste of ground, but it need not be so, as in the centres you can put
a drill of summer spinach.

Having sown your seeds, rake the ground gingerly and tenderly, filling
up the little drills, and making each bed a thing of beauty. About two
weeks or less after this, it really will be a thing of beauty, for I
know of few prettier sights in a garden on a lovely spring day than
rows of green seedlings that have just burst through the earth. You
can watch them grow day by day, and listen to the birds singing at the
same time. If the weather is propitious they will soon want thinning,
and for a week or two your work will be cut out for you. Do not say you
can ill spare the time. It will be time saved and health gained. Rise
in the morning and work an hour before breakfast, and do a little more
in the evening. In thinning the plants, leave in the best and biggest,
and let there be six to nine inches between each. Pluck all the weeds
out at the same time, and put weedings and thinnings all in a small
basket; I say small basket, because there is no room for a big one
between the beds, and no mark must be left of foot or anything else on
the bed itself.

I can assure readers that work like this may be done by the most
dainty fingers, and that it will restore the bloom to lips and cheeks,
however pale these were before. You may wear what you like and look
as charming as you please when gardening; thus, so long as you do the
work honestly, you may wear the most dainty hats and gloves, and have a
mahogany handle to your hoe if so minded, though, between you and me,
six-button kid gloves are not the best suited for weeding onions in.

The great advantage in growing one’s own vegetables is that one can
always have them fresh. Lettuces cool, green, and tender; potatoes
laughing from the mould, and peas with the drops of morning dew still
lingering inside their pods.

That is all I mean to say about gardening; if you wish to learn more,
buy a book, and study it, only I can promise you health if you adopt
gardening as an exercise and a hobby.

But you must partake of the fruits of your labour; and this leads me to
say a few words about the benefits to the health of a partly vegetable
diet. Remember, I am not a vegetarian, but I can tell you as a fact
that you could live far longer on vegetables alone than you could upon
meat alone.

Potatoes come first. No dinner—or to my thinking, no luncheon either—is
complete without them.

Some interesting papers in the early part of this volume gave hints
as to the cooking of potatoes. Let me add another. To the delicate no
vegetable is more difficult of complete digestion if not boiled to
a nicety, but they ought to be mashed as well, and I do not think I
ever saw them properly mashed at an English table. They ought to be as
smooth and white as custard, though not so thin, otherwise little lumps
remain, which, even if no bigger than a pea, are most indigestible, and
never fail to create unpleasantness afterwards.

Done as the French do them, namely, fried in oil, they are also
indigestible.

Potatoes are not only most nutritious, but are calmative to the nerves,
and to some extent, narcotic, especially new potatoes.

A potato salad—lettuces included—is a most valuable adjunct to a supper
dish.

We have to learn from the Scotch how to serve potatoes, and we must
also cross the Border to find out the most delicious and digestible
form in which to serve ordinary green vegetables. These include
cabbages, curly greens, sprouting broccoli, savoys, turnip-tops,
spinach, and kale of all kinds; and all these should be mashed for the
delicate, the strongest portions of midribs being taken out, and a
little butter and salt well mixed with them in the mashing. They should
be served hot, and eaten off a hot plate with a little bread, as a
dish, before any meat has been partaken of.

In this way we not only get their full flavour, but the greatest
benefit to the blood from their use.

Next in point of value to the delicate come cauliflowers and Brussels
sprouts. These need not be mashed, but ought to be used as a dish, with
a little bread and butter. The same may be said of seakale.

No one should omit having half-a-dozen times at least during the early
spring months a dish of nicely-cooked nettle-tops.

Nettle-tops should be very young and tender. Only those of a
light spring-green colour are to be culled. They possess the same
properties—of a blood-purifying order—that asparagus does.

Watercresses may usually be had all the year round, and are far more
valuable than most people would imagine; but I desire to warn my
readers against eating them unless very well washed indeed, as the eggs
of certain parasites sometimes cling to their leaves.

Parsley is not over-digestible, but if it agrees it will do the blood
good, and help to cool and sweeten the system.

Beetroot is invaluable to all who suffer from indigestion, with a dry
condition of the body.

As to roots, besides the potato, which ought to go with everything, we
have turnips, parsnips, and carrots. On these we can ring the changes.
But the same rule as to serving applies to them as to ordinary green
vegetables. Let them be carefully boiled, then well mashed, butter and
salt being mixed.

There are many other vegetables that I have not space here to say a
word about; but as, with the Editor’s kind permission, I may have an
autumn or late summer paper on garden herbs and their dietary and
medicinal values, I can then mention those I have here omitted.

I have not said what I wanted to about fruit either; but the delicate
should not let a day pass without using it in some form. Especially is
it of great value before breakfast.

As to onions and all vegetables of that sort, while I admit their great
value and efficacy in chronic complaints, I must bid you beware. Use
them only if they can be easily digested and leave no dryness in the
throat or taste in the mouth next day.

Now from this paper I hope many will adopt valuable hints. If they
do, they will be rewarded with obtaining purer blood in their veins,
stronger nerves, and a happier frame of body and mind altogether.




MERLE’S CRUSADE.

BY ROSA NOUCHETTE CAREY, Author of “Aunt Diana,” “For Lilias,” etc.


CHAPTER XX.

ROLF’S PENITENCE.

From a child, that story of Casabianca had fascinated me, and I could
see it fascinated Rolf.

“How I do like that fellow Cassy——what do you call him?” he exclaimed,
enthusiastically, when I had finished. “I call that plucky, and no
mistake, to stick to the burning ship. What a brave man he would have
made if he had lived!”

“Yes, indeed; but he lived long enough to do a man’s work in the
world—faithful until death. ‘Faithful in little, faithful in much,’
Rolf. Casabianca would never have disobeyed his mother, or thought he
knew best, would he?”

“No, Fenny,” in a contrite voice, and sidling up to me again.

“I am afraid you can never be a soldier, dear!”

“What do you mean?”—sitting up erect in bed, with his beautiful eyes
quite glaring at me in the twilight. “I mean to be a soldier, I tell
you, and use father’s sword! I shall be Colonel Markham, too, one of
these days, unless I am killed in battle.”

“You cannot be a soldier unless you learn to obey, Rolf; you cannot
rule your men until you have submitted to rule yourself. Officers are
gentlemen, and gentlemen are never cowards; and I call it cowardly,
Rolf—quite a mean trick—to creep into the nursery in my absence. Honour
should have kept you from crossing the threshold.”

Now Rolf could not endure to be called a coward, so he lost his temper,
and, I am sorry to say, called me a nasty, spiteful old cat, “which
you are Fenny, you know you are, and a great deal worse!” And the next
moment he had thrown a rough pair of arms round my neck, his penitence
inflicting on me excruciating pain.

“There, there, never mind”—hugging me—“I don’t mean it. You are a dear
old thing, Fenny, and I mean to marry you when I grow up. You are such
a plain young woman, as mother says, that no one else would ask you, so
I will.”

“Do you think I could marry a coward, Rolf?”

“There you go again”—in a vexed voice—“but I shall never be a coward
any more; I mean to be a brave boy, like Cassy—what do you call him? I
mean to mind mother, and not forget; and I will throw my cannon into
the sea to-morrow, though I am so fond of it, and Mr. Rossiter (Walter
I call him, but he does not mind) gave it to me. It cost a lot—indeed,
it did, Fenny—but, all the same, it shall be drownded dead.”

“If thine eye offend thee, pluck it out.” I think there was something
very real in that childish sacrifice. It was his treasured plaything,
but it had tempted him to disobedience; he would fling it away with
both hands. How few of us repent in that way! _Mea culpa_, we say, but
we hug our darling sin close to us; it is not, like Rolf’s cannon,
“drownded dead.” Brave, poor little faulty Rolf, I begin to have better
hopes of you!

So I kissed and comforted Rolf, and he clung to me quite
affectionately. I asked him if he had said his prayers, and he said no,
he had been too unhappy, because no one would forgive him; so we said
them together, and afterwards we had a little more talk. I was just
going to leave him when a light crossed the threshold, and there stood
Mrs. Markham, with a lamp in her hand. She looked very ill and unhappy,
and I am sure she had been shedding tears.

Rolf sprang up in bed. “Oh, mother, do forgive me!” he cried. “I am
sure I have been miserable long enough. Fenny has been telling me about
Cassy—you know the fellow; and I mean to be like him. I will drown my
dear little cannon, and I will never, never, never disobey you again!”

I think Mrs. Markham was longing in her heart to forgive him. She had
suffered as much as the child. She said nothing, but sat down on the
bed and held out her arms, and Rolf nestled into them. She kissed him
almost passionately, but a tear rolled down her face.

“I think you will break my heart one day, Rolf, as your——” She checked
herself, and did not finish her sentence. Did she mean Rolf’s father?
Colonel Markham had been a brave officer, I knew, and had died in
battle; but he had not made his wife happy.

“Oh no, mother,” returned Rolf, “I am going to be a brave man, like
father, and fight for everybody. I mean to take care of you when you
are an old, old woman. Won’t that be nice? You won’t mind my marrying
Fenny when I am quite grown up, will you, mother? Because she is such
an old dear—not really old, you know, but so nice.”

Mrs. Markham smiled faintly at the boy’s nonsense, but she looked at me
very pleasantly.

“Thank you for talking to Rolf, Miss Fenton, and helping him to be
good. He is sorry, I think, and I hope this painful lesson will teach
him to be less mischievous. But now you look very unfit to be up.
You have done us all good service to-day, and we are all extremely
grateful. Let me help you back to your room.”

I was very much astonished at this civility, but I declined her
assistance and wished Rolf good-night. I was still more surprised when
she held out her hand.

“You must be careful of yourself, Miss Fenton, for my sister’s sake,”
she said, so kindly that I could hardly believe it was Mrs. Markham’s
voice.

I marvelled at her manner greatly as I retraced my steps to the night
nursery. She was really grateful to me, I could see that. Probably she
realised that my prompt action had saved her and her boy a lifetime
of regret. To extinguish life accidentally must be a bitter and sore
retrospect to any human mind. Rolf’s boyhood would have been shadowed
if his little cousin’s death had laid at his door.

I tried to cheer myself with these thoughts as I laid awake through
the greater part of that long summer’s night. I could only sleep by
snatches, and my dreams were full of pain. I imagined myself a martyr
at Smithfield, and that the faggots were lighted about my feet. I
could see the flames curling up round me, and feel their scorching
breath on my face. Excruciating pain seemed to tingle in my veins;
I cried out and woke Joyce, and then the misery of my burns kept me
restless. I was quite ill the next day, and could not stir from my bed;
but Mrs. Markham and Rolf came to see me more than once, and Reggie
played on my bed, and was so dear and good, and Joyce kept creeping up
to me to know what she could do for nurse, and every two or three hours
Gay’s bright face seemed to bring sunshine into the room.

She had always some pleasant thing to tell me: a kind inquiry from Mr.
Hawtry, and some flowers and fruit that Mrs. Cornish had arranged;
a book from the vicar’s wife, who had been very shocked to hear of
the accident, and thought I wanted amusement; a message from Squire
Cheriton, with a basket of fine yellow plums that he had picked
himself; and, later in the evening, a tin of cream and some new-laid
eggs from Wheeler’s Farm, that Molly had brought herself.

I begged to see Molly, and she came up at once, looking very
respectable in her Sunday gown and straw bonnet crossed with yellow
ribbons. She shook hands heartily until I winced with pain, and then
begged my pardon for her carelessness.

“Thank you so much for your delicious presents, Molly,” I said,
gratefully.

“Oh, please don’t mention it, Miss Fenton; it is pleasure to me and
father to send it, and father’s duty; and there is a chicken fattening
that will be all ready for eating on Thursday; and there is a pot or
two of cherry jam that I shall take the liberty to send with it. It is
just for the children and yourself, as I shall tell Mrs. Murdle.”

“Everyone is far too good to me,” I stammered, and the tears came into
my eyes, for the old Squire and Gay had been so kind, and there was all
those beautiful flowers and fruit from the Red Farm, and now this good
creature was overwhelming me with homely delicacies. Molly patted me
with her rough hand as though I had been a child, and then kissed me in
her hearty way.

“There, there, poor dear, who could help being good to you, seeing you
lie there as helpless as a baby, with your poor arms all done up in
cotton wool, and the pain hard to bear? Never mind, the Lord will help
you to bear it, and He knows what pain means.” And with this homely
consolation Molly left me and went in search of Hannah.

When Gay came to me to see I was all comfortable for the night, I asked
her rather anxiously if she expected to hear from Mrs. Morton in the
morning.

She looked as though she were sorry I had asked the question. “Well,
no—the fact is, I wrote the letter, Merle, but father forgot to
post it, and it has not gone yet. I am very sorry,” as I uttered an
exclamation of annoyance, “but it cannot be helped, and it was all
father’s fault; he is so careless with letters; but now Adelaide has
written to say how well Reggie seems to-day, and both of them shall go
by the same post to-morrow morning. Benson shall take them.”

It was no use saying any more. Gay was sorry enough, and it was not
her fault, so I only asked her to add a word or two to explain the
delay, and this she promised to do. She wanted to write to Aunt
Agatha as well, but I would not hear of this. Aunt Agatha was very
tender-hearted, and could not bear to hear of any suffering that she
could not remedy, and I could see no benefit in harrowing her feelings.
I would tell her myself one day.

Dr. Staples had given me a sedative, so I slept more that night, but it
was three days before I could leave my bed, and all that time we heard
nothing of my mistress. On the fourth day I put on a dressing-gown Gay
lent me, with loose hanging sleeves, for my arms were still swathed
like mummies, but the pain had lessened; and though I was weak enough
only to lean back in an easy chair and watch the children at their
play, I liked to be with them, and it was pleasant to sit by the
nursery window and look out on the terrace and sundial and the sunny
orchard with the old white pony grazing as usual.

Gay had come up that morning with rather a troubled face. They had had
a letter from Alick, she said, but he had not received either hers or
Adelaide’s. Violet had seemed so ill that he had taken her home to
Prince’s Gate that Dr. Myrtle might see her. They had left Abergeldie
before their letters had arrived, and he could not possibly receive
them until the next morning, but of course they would be forwarded at
once.

I was much distressed to hear that the letters had miscarried,
and still more that my mistress was ill. It was dreary taking her
back to that great empty house; but then Dr. Myrtle understood her
constitution, and would do her more good than a stranger. I begged Gay
to tell me what was the matter, but she did not seem to know. It was a
collapse, Alick had said, a sudden serious failure of strength; he had
written very hurriedly, and seemed worried and anxious.

“I wish I need not have told you all this, Merle,” she finished. “It
has made you paler than you were before. Violet has never been strong
since Joyce was born, but I do not see that there is any need for
special anxiety.” But though Gay insisted on taking a cheerful view
of things, I could not bring my spirits to her level. I felt nervous
and unaccountably depressed. I had not sufficiently recovered from the
effects of the accident to bear the least suspense with equanimity. In
spite of my efforts to be quiet and self-controlled, I grew restless
and irritable; the least noise jarred on me; it was a relief when
Hannah took the children out and I had the nursery to myself. My
nervous fancies haunted my dreams that night, and I woke so unrefreshed
that Gay scolded me for not getting better more quickly, and pretended
to laugh at my dismal face when I heard there was no letter from Mr.
Morton.

“It is nonsense your fretting about those letters, Merle,” she said, in
her brisk way. “Alick has them by this time, and we shall hear from him
before evening. Do, pray, pull yourself together, and I will ask Dr.
Staples if a drive will not do you good; your indoor life does not suit
you.”

I did not contradict her, but I knew there would be no drive for me
that day; perfect quiet and rest were all I wanted, and I knew Dr.
Staples would be of my opinion. The afternoon was showery, so the
children played about the nursery. I did not admit Rolf, for his
noisy ways would have been too much for me, but he was very good, and
promised to stay with Judson if he might come to me a little in the
evening.

I had gone into the night nursery to lie down for an hour when I heard
footsteps coming down the passage. The next moment I heard Mr. Morton’s
voice speaking to Gay.

“You can go in and see the children, Alick,” she said, “and I will
join you directly, when Adelaide has finished with me;” and then Joyce
called out “Fardie,” and I could hear Reggie stumping across the floor.

I waited a few minutes before I made my appearance. Much as I longed to
see Mr. Morton, I thought he would rather meet his children alone. I
almost felt as though I intruded when I opened the door. Hannah was not
there, and he was sitting in my rocking-chair with Reggie in his arms,
and his head was bowed down on the little fellow’s shoulder. He started
up when he heard me, but I never saw him look so pale and agitated. I
knew then that he was a man of strong feelings, that his children were
more to him than I had dreamed.

“Miss Fenton,” he began, and then he bit his lips and turned away to
the window. I saw he could hardly speak, and there was Reggie patting
his face and calling “Fada, fada,” to make him smile.

“Reggie is quite well,” I said, feeling the silence awkward.

“Yes, yes,” quite abruptly, “I see he is; thank God for that mercy;
but, Miss Fenton, you have suffered in his stead. You are looking ill,
unlike yourself. What am I to say to you? How am I to thank you?”

“Please do not say anything to me,” I returned, on the verge of crying.
“Dear little Reggie is all right, and I am only too thankful. Tell me
about my mistress, Mr. Morton; we are all so anxious about her.”

I thought he looked a little strangely at me. He held out his hand
without speaking. That hearty grasp spoke volumes. Then he cleared his
throat and said, quickly, “She does not know; I have not told her; she
is very weak and ill. Dr. Myrtle says we must take great care of her;
she has been over-exerting herself.”

To my dismay and his I burst into tears, but I was not quite myself,
liable to be upset by a word.

“Oh, she is always over-exerting herself; she does more every day than
her strength will allow,” I cried, almost hysterically. “It makes
one’s heart ache to see her so worn out and yet so patient. Oh, Mr.
Morton, do let me come home and nurse her; she is never happy without
the children; it will do her good to see them; she frets after them
too, and it makes her ill. Do let me come home; there is nothing I
would not do for her.”

I heard him beg me to be calm. I was ill myself, I heard him say, and
no wonder, and he looked pityingly at my bandages.

“I only wish you could come back to us, Miss Fenton,” he went on, so
kindly that I was ashamed of giving way so. “The home feels very empty,
and I think it would do my dear wife good to have the children’s feet
pattering overhead. She is too weak to have them with her just now, but
it would be pleasant to know they were near.”

I pleaded again that we might come home, and he smiled indulgently.

“You must get well first,” he said, gently, “and then I will come and
fetch you all back myself. Just now you require nursing, and are better
where you are; and it is still hot in London, and the sea breezes will
benefit the children a little longer. Come, you will be sensible about
this, Miss Fenton.”

And then, as Gay joined us, he turned to her and reiterated his opinion
that I must stay at Marshlands until I was well.

Of course, Gay agreed with him; but I thought she was a little graver
than usual. I knew Mr. Morton was right. I was no use to anyone just
now; but, all the same, it made me feel very unhappy to see him go away
and leave us behind. He could not stay any longer, he said, for fear
of arousing his wife’s suspicions. He should just tell her he had run
down to have a peep at the children; that would please her, he knew. He
bade me good-bye very kindly, and told me to keep up my courage, and
not lose heart. I could see he was not vexed with me for giving way. No
doubt he attributed it all to weakness.

I sat down and had a good cry when he had left us, and there was no
denying that I was homesick that night, and wanted Aunt Agatha. I felt
a poor creature in my own estimation. Perhaps I was impatient; Dr.
Staples told me I was, and his eyes twinkled as he said it; but it
seemed to me I recovered very slowly. The burns were healing nicely; in
a few more days I could put on my dress and enjoy the country drives;
but I did not resume my usual duties for some time.

I could not dress and undress the children; walking tired me, and my
spirits were sadly variable. The news from Prince’s Gate did not cheer
me: my mistress continued in the same unsatisfactory state. Mr. Morton
wrote every day, and both Mrs. Markham and Gay had gone up to town for
a few hours. I heard more from Mrs. Markham than from Gay. She thought
her sister looking very ill, and considered there was grave cause for
anxiety. She had an excellent nurse, and her husband was most devoted
in his attentions; she had never seen anyone to equal him. Here Mrs.
Markham sighed; but her sister looked dull and depressed, and she
thought she missed the children.

The bright September days passed away very slowly. I was growing weary
of my banishment; and yet Marshlands and Netherton had become very dear
to me, and I had grown to love the quaint old nursery. I was thankful
when my strength permitted me to resume our mornings on the beach and
our afternoons in the orchard. I felt less restless out of doors, and
I liked to have Rolf with me. I saw very little of Gay; just then she
was busy with parish work. I heard from her casually one day that Mr.
Hawtry had gone to Italy. I suppose I looked astonished, for she said,
quickly—

“He called the other afternoon and asked to see the children, but
Adelaide had taken you all for a drive. I thought he seemed a little
sorry not to say good-bye to them, as he expected to be away some time.
He hoped you were better, Merle, and desired his kind regards.”

“And he has gone to Italy?”

“Yes; a young cousin of his is lying dangerously ill at Venice, and so
this Don Quixote has started off to see after him. It is just like him,
he is always doing things for other people.” And with this speech she
left me.

I was sorry not to say good-bye to Mr. Hawtry; he had been very kind to
us, and it seemed such a pity that we had missed him that afternoon.
I often thought about our visit to the Red Farm, and how pleasant and
hospitable he had been. It seemed rather tantalising just to make
friends (and he had always been so friendly to me) and then not to see
them again, but perhaps next summer we should come down to Marshlands
again.

(_To be continued._)




THE SHEPHERD’S FAIRY

A PASTORALE.

BY DARLEY DALE, Author of “Fair Katherine,” etc.


CHAPTER XX.

THE LEWES CARNIVAL.

Mrs. Shelley was quite right in saying Fairy’s sorrows were
short-lived. For one whole day she had been very miserable, the day
after Rex had asked her, and she had promised, to be his wife, when Mr.
Leslie had called and told her she was not to see Rex any more till the
carnival. Coming so soon after her great happiness, Fairy could not
bear this sudden reverse with equanimity, and so, as Reginald had told
the baroness, she had cried all day, until John had meekly yielded and
allowed another interview.

After this Fairy was quite satisfied; Rex loved her, and that was in
itself happiness. That he would be true to her she no more doubted
than she doubted the sun would rise the next day, and so, though of
course she would have preferred him to remain at Oafham and spend his
afternoons with her, she acquiesced cheerfully in Mr. Leslie’s plan,
and was as bright and happy during the months of October and November
as it was possible for even such a little sunbeam to be.

When November dawned, and it was arranged that Fairy should go to the
Leslies on the 3rd for a week or two, her excitement was so great that
Mrs. Shelley told her if she did not take care she would be ill and
unable to go, at which she only laughed, and said there was no fear of
her being ill, and as for eating, she was much too happy to be hungry.
One little thing was rather troubling Fairy; she was half afraid her
dress was not quite all it ought to be for such a grand gentleman as
Rex’s father, whose acquaintance she was to make on the 5th. If it
had only been summer-time it would not have mattered, for nothing
could be prettier than one of her simple white frocks; they would do
for anyone or anything; but she could not wear a thin white dress in
November. Her best winter dress was a red merino, new for the occasion,
and as she dressed herself in it when it came home, she could not help
acknowledging inwardly, as she glanced at her dainty little self in the
glass, her delicate complexion set off to the best advantage by the
dark red merino, if she only had some lace to put round the throat, her
toilet would compare favourably with the blue silks of the Leslie girls.

[Illustration: THE LEWES CARNIVAL.]

Perhaps there was some lace among the things she had on when John
Shelley found her; she believed there was, so, unlocking the drawer in
which she had always kept these relics, she pulled them out and glanced
at them. There on the top lay the blue satin quilt, the large piece
missing which she had cut out years ago to make a shaving-case for
Jack. Poor Jack! Where was he now? What would he say to her engagement?
Would he be pleased at it? Somehow Fairy feared he would not. But there
was enough of the quilt left to make a shaving-case for Rex; it would
be just the thing for him, and nice work to do at the Leslies’, so the
remains of the quilt were packed up to go with her. Then came the red
Indian shawl, in which the baron had wrapped his little daughter. How
handsome it was! Why, not one of the Leslie girls had such a handsome
shawl as this, all embroidered with gold. She would certainly take this
with her; it would do beautifully to wrap round her in the balcony from
which they were to watch the carnival. Rex would like this shawl, she
was sure, so that, too, was packed up. All the other little garments,
yellow with being laid up so long, were now looked through to see if
there was any lace that would do, but no, it was all too narrow, and
Fairy was about to shut the drawer when she caught hold of the lace
handkerchief which had been tucked into her dress under her chin as
a feeder when she was found. She looked at it with a critical eye.
How fine it was, and what lovely lace, and how pretty that crest and
coronet worked in the corner were! This handkerchief was the very
thing; she would fold it so that the corner with the crest showed, and
wear it round her throat instead of a lace tucker.

So the handkerchief was packed up with the other things, and on Monday
afternoon Fairy went to the Leslies to stay. The carnival was not till
Wednesday evening, but she hoped to see Rex on Tuesday, as she knew he
was expected to reach Oafham before then. Nor was she disappointed, for
on Tuesday morning Rex arrived to lunch, and spent a long afternoon.

Fairy found he was most anxious she should make a conquest of his
father, and seemed to think their future happiness depended in a great
measure upon the effect she produced upon Mr. de Courcy, so that Rex
was looking forward to the carnival with somewhat mixed feelings, and,
to the disappointment of the Leslies, could not be persuaded to appear
in fancy dress, which they assured him was the correct thing for young
men in all ranks of life on this unique occasion. But Rex refused,
declaring he only intended to be a spectator, and his time would be
fully occupied in taking care of Fairy, which no one for one moment
doubted. Since masks were considered indispensable, he agreed to wear a
wire mask to protect his face from the squibs and crackers, which are
recklessly flung in all directions, often doing serious injury to some
of the passers-by, but this was the utmost he would concede, and Fairy
seconded him, declaring that though she liked him very much as he was,
she was by no means sure how she would like him if he were dressed up
like another person.

The Leslies had hired a window in the High-street, and here Mr.
de Courcy and Rex were to meet them at seven o’clock to watch the
revelry, and then they were all to return to the rectory to supper.
Fairy, who had of course often seen the carnival before, was full of
childish delight at the prospect, and kept assuring Rex it was the most
wonderful sight he had ever seen; there was nothing like it in England;
she was sure he would be enchanted; the only drawback was there were
sure to be one or two riots, as some turbulent spirits always insulted
the Roman Catholics before the evening was over.

“Well, I hope they won’t insult my father; he is a Roman Catholic,”
said Rex.

“Your father a Roman Catholic, Rex! Are you one, too?” asked Fairy,
turning a little pale.

“No, I am a Protestant, so is my mother, but I don’t think it right
to make game of other people’s religion, and insult them because it
differs from ours, do you?”

“You are like John. He says it is very wicked, and that the carnival
does more harm than good. He only goes to try and help to keep order,
but I like it, it is such a pretty sight,” replied Fairy, eagerly.

In Lewes the preparations began early in the afternoon, when the shops
were closed, and all the lower windows in the High-street, through
which the procession was to pass, were boarded up—a very necessary
precaution, for the reckless flinging of lighted torches, squibs, and
crackers would otherwise have broken the windows, and perhaps set fire
to the houses.

In the Market-place arrangements were made for the making of an
enormous bonfire, in which the effigies of Guy Faux, the Pope, and any
public person, whether of local or of wider fame, who happened just
then to be in bad odour with the Lewes people, were to be burnt at
midnight—the closing scene in the drama.

A little after seven o’clock the Leslies’ carriage drove up to the
house in which they had hired the drawing-room balcony to view the
proceedings. At present all that was to be seen were young men and boys
with lighted torches in their hands, and most of them in fancy dress,
rushing wildly about the streets, shouting and singing and throwing
squibs and crackers in all directions.

Mr. Leslie hurried his party into the house as quickly as possible, and
then sent the carriage home, for later on all traffic would be stopped,
and the girls had come prepared to walk back.

On reaching the drawing-room they found Mr. de Courcy and Rex had just
arrived; a large fire was blazing on the hearth, but there were no
other lights in the room, interior darkness being the rule at the Lewes
carnival, in order that the outside festivities may be all the more
brilliant.

Mr. Leslie introduced Mr. de Courcy to his wife and daughters, and then
to Fairy, who was looking so bewitchingly pretty with her red Indian
shawl twisted round her head in some wonderful way which exactly suited
her, that it was evident Mr. de Courcy was struck by her beauty, the
flickering light of the fire and the shawl which hid her lovely golden
hair, and partly veiled her slight figure, only piquing his curiosity.
He began to talk to her at once in his broken English, and her charming
manners fascinated him almost as much as they did his son, and when
he found she spoke French fluently, and with the prettiest accent
possible, Fairy’s triumph was complete. Mr. de Courcy, always a great
admirer of girls, was quite captivated, and Rex whispered to Fairy she
had succeeded already. The procession was to leave the Market-place
at eight, and go round the town, but even now it was a weird scene,
the masqueraders passing up and down the streets in their costumes,
some of them excellently got up, others so grotesquely as to be quite
as amusing as the elaborate fancy dresses prepared by costumiers, the
torches carried by them throwing a weird, uncertain light on their
wild, uncertain antics. From time to time a passage of arms occurred
between some passing Cavaliers and Roundheads, but at present all was
harmless fun, everyone being in a good temper at this early stage of
the proceedings.

Fairy and Rex managed to get a corner of the balcony to themselves,
from which she tried to explain the various costumes, oftener, as Rex
told her, discovering the original people than the characters they
were intended to represent. These two alone were not impatient for the
procession to pass, being so much occupied with themselves as to pay
but little attention to what was going on in the street. Occasionally
a grand excitement was caused by the rolling past of a lighted
tar-barrel, which illuminated the whole street, its attendant youths,
many of whom were dressed like demons, looking in their black masks
and asses’ ears more like fiends than men as they lashed their blazing
barrels with their torches, sending the sparks far and wide.

“This is the Bournemer barrel, and that is Charlie with an axe,
dressed as an executioner. I made his black mask for him. Look, Rex,”
cried Fairy, as another and the last of the barrels rolled into the
Market-place, to return presently with the procession.

A few minutes later there passed a riotous group of violent
anti-papists, bearing a banner with “No popery” on it, carried
reluctantly by a scarlet woman, or rather a man dressed in woman’s
clothes of bright red, supposed to represent the Church of Rome. On one
side of her was a man in Geneva gown and bands, on the other another in
a long surplice, hood, and stole, carrying a large book, and these two,
with a great deal of rough horseplay, kept the scarlet woman up to the
mark. This centre group was surrounded by men and boys carrying torches
and screaming, “Down with popery!” at the top of their voices.

“That group will have a row before they are satisfied,” said Rex,
turning away, and looking in the opposite direction, as the group
passed on to the Market-place. “But look, Fairy, who is this
good-looking man masquerading without a mask as a shepherd? See, he is
looking up here,” said Rex.

Fairy looked, and saw by the light of the torches cast behind by the
anti-papist group, a tall, handsome man, dressed in a smock-frock and
carrying a crook, a face which, in spite of a beard and moustache, she
knew very well.

“Why, Rex, it is Jack; it is, it is! I must speak to him. Jack, Jack,
where do you come from? Come up and speak to me directly. Fancy Jack
being here! I must go, Rex, and let him in. Oh, Mr. Leslie, here is
Jack!” and Fairy ran into the drawing-room, the red shawl falling off
her head, and her beautiful hair, which was disarranged by the shawl,
streaming down her shoulders in wild confusion. Her cheeks were flushed
with excitement, her great brown eyes sparkling with delight, as she
went forward with both hands outstretched, to meet Jack at the top of
the stairs.

Rex was at first quite put out of countenance by this unfortunate
_contretemps_, as he could not help thinking it; it would undo all the
good impression Fairy had made upon his father; for not knowing Jack,
Rex supposed he was like the rest of his family, and trembled for the
consequences if his father now discovered Fairy was the foster-daughter
of a shepherd. How he wished he had not called Fairy’s attention to
the young man, and how pleased they were to see each other again.
There really was no occasion for that very long handshaking. But here
Mr. Leslie, seeing Rex looked very crestfallen, went up to him and
whispered it was all right; Mr. de Courcy would only suppose the truth,
that Jack was masquerading. Moreover, he added, he is an excellent
young fellow—very superior, too, to his family; he might pass very well
in a crowd.

Rex was somewhat reassured; and when Fairy drew him to Jack, whispering
that this was her _fiancé_, he tried to be as pleased as Fairy could
wish to make his acquaintance, but somehow both young men felt
instinctively they were rivals, and their intercourse was constrained
on both sides. Indeed, Jack was anxious to get away as quickly as
possible, although he had come all the way from America to see Fairy,
and judge for himself if the stories he had heard in his mother’s last
letter were true. It did not require long to see that they were, and
his errand accomplished, he felt his only safety was in flight. That
demon of jealousy which, two years ago, had changed the whole course of
his life, and so nearly caused him to be guilty of a terrible crime,
was again rising in his bosom, as he watched the tender protecting air
which Rex assumed over Fairy. Though he had learnt a severe lesson
in self-control, and had so far profited by it that he was able to
subdue the feeling of envy towards his rival, and to mask from Fairy
the bitter sense of disappointment he felt on seeing her the betrothed
bride of another, he felt the strain he was putting upon himself would
not last long, and so he hastened to find an excuse in order to be
gone, inwardly resolving that when he left the room he would never of
his own free will set eyes on Fairy again.

She had drawn him out on to the balcony, where he had a few minutes’
conversation with Mr. Leslie, to whom he confided in an undertone that
he was going to Liverpool the next day with his mother, on a visit to
an uncle, where he would remain until the next mail sailed for America,
where he had now decided to remain for the rest of his life. He had
excellent prospects out there, and was already getting on far better
than he had ever hoped to do in so short a time. Already he had been
made cashier, and he had no doubt in a few years he would be appointed
manager of the bank, as Mr. Leslie’s friend had taken a great fancy to
him. He was now able to carry on his natural history studies, and was
making great progress, and had hopes of one day becoming a naturalist,
for he now had the means of procuring books which were before far out
of his reach, and the new country opened out to him a new field of
research.

All this he managed to tell Mr. Leslie while the procession was still
preparing to start. He did not tell him what had brought him to
England, but Mr. Leslie knew without being told that Fairy was the
motive power which had induced him to cross the Atlantic, in the vain
hope of persuading her to return with him as his wife. One glance at
Rex and Fairy had told Jack this hope was futile, but still it was
a satisfaction to see for himself; and he would now go back to his
mother, and persuade her to accompany him to Liverpool the next day if
possible.

He had only arrived at Lewes that morning, and on finding that Fairy
was staying at the Leslies to go to the carnival with them and Mr. de
Courcy, he had settled to go too in the hope of seeing her without
being seen. He had chosen to wear his smock-frock for the first and
only time in his life, partly to please his father, for whom Jack felt
he could not do enough to repay his kindness, when he was under that
black cloud which had cast a shadow over all his life; partly he wore
it because Fairy made it, and partly because he would attract less
attention among the masqueraders, who would imagine he was a shepherd
come from some of the neighbouring sheep farms to see the carnival,
and would not interfere with him; whereas if he had walked about in
plain clothes—and he had no others with him—he would probably have been
mobbed.

He could not have settled in America until he saw for himself that
there was no chance for him of winning Fairy. Now he saw his fate was
sealed, his boyish dream shattered; there was nothing left for him but
to live it down; and in a distant country, where there was nothing
to remind him of the love of his youth, and where he had plenty to
interest and occupy him, he would in time learn, not to forget her—that
was impossible, she was his first love, and could never be altogether
driven out of his heart; one little secret chamber, never peeped into
even by himself, would always remain sacred to her memory—but he would
learn to live without her; and since the sooner he began this lesson
the better, he looked about for an excuse to say good-bye.

(_To be continued._)




EVERY GIRL A BUSINESS WOMAN.

A PRACTICAL GUIDE TO THE WORLD OF INDUSTRY AND THRIFT.

BY JAMES MASON.


PART V.

We quoted a wise rule in our third article to the effect that money
should never be allowed to lie idle. Put to work on its own account
money will make money, and go on growing and growing even whilst the
person owning it is asleep or taking holidays.

Of course the wisest thing is to employ it in one’s own business,
turning it over and over at a profit, under one’s own management. But
such advice is thrown away on those who have no business.

What, then, are those who have money but no business to do? They must
entrust it to people who want money for use in some way or other, and
are willing to pay interest for the loan. It may be lent, for example,
to the British nation or to a foreign government, or to some great
railway, or to a bank, or a gas company, or some municipal corporation.
Besides these opportunities for investing money profitably, we have
shares in joint stock companies of all kinds, some of them safe enough,
but not a few of them to be avoided by prudent people.

There are two things essential to a satisfactory investment: First,
the principal must be quite safe; and, secondly, there must be a
reasonable certainty about the payment of the interest. There is a
third point necessary to complete the happiness of the investor: the
interest must be the highest possible under the circumstances. We say
“under the circumstances,” because in these days really high interest
and first-class security never meet.

The safest investment for all who are nervous about losing their money
is in the Government Stock—as it is called—of our own country. They
thus become creditors of the British nation, than whom no people can be
imagined more secure.

What is known as the _funded or permanent debt_ of Great Britain
represents debt which the Government is under no obligation to pay
off at any fixed time. It includes at present loans distinguished as
Consols, Reduced Three per Cents., New Three per Cents., Two and a Half
and Two and Three-quarters per Cents., and some other stocks of less
consequence. “Consols,” we may add, is an affectionate abbreviation
of “Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities.” This permanent debt at
the present time amounts to nearly six hundred and forty millions; the
unfunded debt and terminable annuities—the latter being sums paid for
a certain number of years and then terminating altogether—amount to
over a hundred millions more. It is melancholy to reflect that almost
the whole of the large sum represented by those different items has
been raised for the prosecution of war, and spent in supplying food for
powder, spreading misery and destruction, and making widows and orphans.

The possessors of Government Stock—that is to say, the creditors who
hold this debt between them—are changing every day and hour. People
can sell their stock with the greatest readiness, and there are always
plenty of buyers.

The price which national stock fetches is not always the same. It
improves when the prospects of the country improve, and declines in
times of difficulty and danger. In the year 1800 war and dear corn, not
to speak of other things, made the national bond for £100 sell for only
£61, but since then peace, improved prospects, and no lack of money
seeking investment, have forced the price up. The average market value
of £100 Consols in 1881 was just £100; in 1882 it was £100 10s.; in
1883, £101 3s. 9d.; in 1884, £101; and in 1885 it fell back to £99 2s.
6d.

There are two ways of purchasing Government Stock—to any amount through
a stockbroker, and to a limited amount through the Post Office. In the
former case you may either write to your banker, who will employ his
broker, or you can give the order to your own broker. The commission
charged by brokers either for buying or selling is very moderate. For
transactions in either British or foreign funds the rate is usually 2s.
6d. for every £100 of stock.

To get payment of dividends on Government Stock you may either go
yourself to the Bank of England or sign what is called a _power of
attorney_ for your banker or broker or someone you can trust to receive
the dividends for you. “In order to protect you from fraud,” says the
author of a “Guide to the Unprotected,” “the power of attorney should
be made out for _dividends only_. That is to say, it should authorise
the person who is to act on your behalf only to receive dividends and
not to sell the stock.” After a power of attorney has been obtained no
new power for dividends is requisite by reason of your increasing or
lessening the amount of your holding in the same description of stock.
Besides payment personally at the Bank of England, stockholders can
have their dividends transmitted by post at their own risk, and under
certain regulations.

In selling stock you can manage the transaction, just as you effected
the purchase, either through your banker or your own broker.

We mentioned that Government Stock to a limited amount could be bought
through the Post Office. When this is done the Post Office relieves you
of all trouble in purchasing and in collecting dividends. The amount
invested must not be less than £10, and not more than £100 of stock can
be credited to an account in any one year ending the 31st of December,
and when you have bought through the Post Office £300 of stock in all
you can invest no more in this way, but must go to a regular broker.

Suppose you wish through the Post Office to buy £50 worth of “Consols,”
you fill up a form of application to be had at any post office, and
hand over the necessary amount to the postmaster. Of course the latter
part of the performance will be unnecessary if you have the sum already
lying at your credit in the Savings Bank. You then forward the form of
application, together with your deposit book, to the head office.

In a few days your book will be returned and you will find yourself
debited with the cost of the stock at the market price. Suppose
“Consols” are selling at £102, then your fifty pounds worth will cost
you a half of that, and there will be an entry in your book as a
“withdrawal” of “Investment £50 Consols, £51,” and besides that will be
entered “Commission, 1s. 3d.”

The book will be accompanied by a “Certificate of investment in
Government Stock,” as follows:—

“This is to certify that £50 Consolidated £3 per Cent. Bank Annuities
has been placed on the Savings Banks Investment Account of the National
Debt Commissioners, that the same has been credited in the Government
Stock Register of the Post Office Savings Bank to ______ of ______,
and that her deposit account has been charged with the sum of £51 and
1s. 3d., being the price of the said stock at £102 per cent., and
commission respectively.”

This certificate, which is signed by the Controller, must be forwarded
with the deposit book and application whenever the depositor wishes to
sell the whole or a portion of her stock. When stock is sold the sale
is effected at the _current price_—the price in the open market on
the day of sale—and a warrant is sent to the depositor for the amount
realised, less the commission.

All dividends on the stock standing in a depositor’s name are credited
to her deposit account when they become due. Dividends on Consols are
due half-yearly, on the 5th of January and the 5th of July; those on
what are known as Reduced and New Three per Cents. on the 5th of April
and the 5th of October. There are other Government Stocks—Two and
Three-quarters and Two and a Half per Cent.—on which the dividends are
paid quarterly.

The commission charged by the Post Office on investment is as follows:—

                                                   s.  d.

  On stock not exceeding £25                       0   9
  On stock exceeding £25 and not exceeding £50     1   3
  On stock exceeding £50 and not exceeding £75     1   9
  On stock exceeding £75 and not exceeding £100    2   3

Not satisfied with working at these low rates, the Post Office takes
all the trouble of receiving the dividends, and charges nothing for it.

The commission on the sale of stock up to £100 is the same as for the
purchase. For the sale of stock exceeding £100 and not exceeding £200,
the charge is 2s. 9d.; exceeding £200 and not exceeding £300, 3s. 3d.

But those who have money to lend have wider scope for its employment
than the Public Funds. And here we may insert the following handy
table showing the better class of investments, and the dividends to be
expected from them. We are indebted for it to the ever-useful Almanack
of Mr. Whitaker.

The following are _Trust Investments_, permitted by the Court of
Chancery:—

    Three per Cent. “Consols” and “New Annuities,” which at the
    present market price yield barely 5 per cent.

    Bank of England, Metropolitan Board of Works 3½ per cent., and
    Indian Government 4 per cent. stocks, which gives £3 2s. 6d. to
    £3 10s. per cent.

    Canadian 4 per Cent. “Guaranteed” Loan, giving £3 15s. per cent.

    Turkish 4 per Cent. “Guaranteed” Loan, giving £3 17s. 6d. per
    cent.

    Bank of Ireland Stock, giving £3 10s. per cent.

Then you have 4 to 5 per cent. investments, quite secure:—

    GOVERNMENTS.—Colonial Government Securities: Dutch, Belgian,
    French, and United States.

    RAILWAYS.—British Railway Debenture Stocks, Indian Railway
    Debenture Stocks, British Railway Preference Stocks, Indian
    Railway Ordinary Stocks—these are guaranteed by the Indian
    Government—British Railway “Preferred” Ordinary Stocks, British
    Railway Ordinary Stocks.

    DOCKS.

    Last come 5 to 6 per cent. investments, which may be classed as
    moderately good:—

    GOVERNMENTS.—Austrian, Brazilian, Chilian, Italian, Japanese,
    Portuguese and Russian.

    RAILWAYS.—United States Railway Bonds (on lines paying
    dividends on the ordinary capital); Canadian Railway Bonds.

    GAS COMPANIES.

    BANKS.—Joint Stock Banks, _limited_.

Above 6 per cent. there are no investments that can safely be
recommended.

Some foreign governments pay very irregularly, and we may lay it down
as a wholesome rule that investments made without the bounds of our own
country should be made with double caution. It is not so long since we
met a lady who had invested a considerable sum with a republic which
shall be nameless, and which has since declined to pay any portion
back, or even to remember that some fraction of interest might be
acceptable to its creditors.

In taking shares in a joint-stock company, there is a caution to be
observed that cannot be too strongly insisted upon. A joint-stock
company is an association of a number of people for the purpose of
carrying on a trade or some useful enterprise capable of yielding a
profit. Now, if ever you take shares in one, whether it be a bank, or
an insurance office, or a mine or anything else, make sure that it is
established under the “Limited Liability Act.” If the company be not
a Limited Liability concern, should it happen to fail, you and every
other shareholder are liable to lose every penny you possess. In a
Limited Liability Company, however, you can only lose the amount of
the shares which you hold. This is a great advantage: you know just
what you are liable for. It is worth remarking that all Joint Stock
Companies with limited liability formed for the purpose of gain, are
obliged by law to use the word “Limited” as the last word of their
title.

When people have a good deal of money to invest, and have a taste for
limited companies, in preference to the more solid security of the
public funds, it is wise not to put it all into one concern. “Put it,”
says one writer, “into several. Then if one falls in value, another
probably rises, and so your income will keep more equal. If one of
your investments turns out a failure, you lose only a part and not the
whole of your fortune.” And “when you think,” adds the same authority,
“you have placed your money in the safest way you can, do not alter its
investment without some good reason. Every change costs money, and is
attended with trouble and anxiety.”

Those who know little about business are often tempted by the prospect
of a high dividend, never thinking anything about the risk they run.
The great thing is security, however, and a small return will never be
grumbled at by sensible people if it is accounted for by the investment
being a really safe one. It is anything but a pleasant sensation when,
instead of an expected brilliant percentage, one receives a letter to
the effect that “the directors have thought it right to suspend the
business of the —— Company, and close the share register,” and that
“after most carefully and anxiously weighing all the circumstances
of the case, they are convinced that the only course is to have the
company wound up.”

In almost every newspaper we meet with advertisements addressed to the
unwary offering shares in companies of which the worthless character
is at once recognised by the experienced. It requires some knowledge
of the world not to be led away by emphatic representations of
“extraordinary success,” “magnificent results,” “handsome profits,” and
“unprecedented opportunities.”

By way of warning, we may quote an anecdote told by the author of “A
Guide to the Inexperienced.” “I heard it,” she says, “from a person who
had been almost persuaded by a friend who knew nothing of business to
take some shares in a company which _promised_ extremely good interest.

“He went to the office, which was in the City, to make inquiries. The
manager tried hard to persuade him to invest, assuring him of the
safety of the concern. While C—— was hesitating, a man rushed in and
said, in an eager tone—

“‘Pray, sir, have you any more shares on sale? I have an order for
fifty more. They are in such great request that I am afraid of their
being all sold before I can get enough.’

“His manner and words opened C——’s eyes, who suspected that this was a
plan to entrap him to invest, and he quietly walked off. The company
failed in a very short time afterwards.”

We have spoken of investments in shares, but shares are often bought,
not as a matter of investment, but as a speculation, the buyer
purchasing them with the expectation that they will rise higher, and
that he will then be able to dispose of them at a profit. This is, as a
general rule, little better than gambling, and a wise woman will keep
out of it.

Every transaction in the stock market, whether it be in Government
stock, or in railway shares, or in any other securities, must be
effected through the medium of a broker, who is thus not only an
adviser but an indispensable agent in the transaction. Be sure to
employ a broker of good standing, and, having found a trustworthy man,
be rather guided by his advice than by your own notions as to what
purchases are safe and what imprudent.

All documents connected with investments should be carefully preserved,
and dividends, when they fall due, should be looked after. It seems
unnecessary to say so, but it is a curious fact that, to speak of the
public funds alone, a large sum is added every year to the revenue
from unclaimed dividends. No stock is reckoned unclaimed till ten
years have elapsed without the holder in any way giving token of his
or her existence; and yet in 1879 the amount credited to the item of
“unclaimed dividends” for the year ending 3rd January, 1880, was no
less than £3,411,228!

The principal reason for this, no doubt, is carelessness; but Mr.
Walter M. Playford, in his “Hints for Investors,” gives several other
reasons which are likely enough. Dividends are often unclaimed through
the misconception of people who have sold stock. They think they have
sold with it a dividend, or a portion of a dividend, to which they
were themselves entitled. Then, executors and administrators are often
unable to claim stock, because those they represent have kept their
investments secret from their nearest friends. And a good deal of
money is not unfrequently lost through the objectionable practice of
investing under a false name.

The current prices of all the more important stocks for sale are
chronicled day by day in the newspapers. It is a department never
omitted in any well-regulated journal, even though it forms the
driest-looking column in the paper. It is full of figures and tables of
figures, preceded by a few paragraphs, of a very stereotyped aspect,
and written in language peculiar to itself.

We read therein that “the market is easier,” or that “it assumed a
more lively appearance,” or that “it showed a falling tendency,” or
“great depression,” or that “its tone remained very steady all day.”
We also read of “prices hardening a little,” of “heavy stocks being
inactive,” of “foreign securities being quiet,” and grow familiar with
“Wabash Preferred,” “Nickel Plate Common Stock,” “Spanish Externals,”
“Egyptian Unifieds,” and many other things hard to be understood by the
uninitiated.

It is a much-studied column, and it is surprising what interest and
entertainment can be extracted from these daily reports of the health
and spirits of the money market if it only takes the trouble to
master the peculiar vocabulary. The principal terms connected with
the investment of money we shall set down here, with a few words of
explanation for each. A business woman—no matter whether she has money
to invest or not—should at least know what they mean.

_The Money Market_ is a more or less figurative expression, covering
the whole field for the investment or employment of money, the leading
dealers in the market being bankers, bill discounters, and capitalists
of all sorts. Money is _cheap_ or _dear_ in the market according as the
rates for discount are low or the reverse; and business is _brisk_ or
_flat_, according as the amount of such discounts is large or small.

A _stockbroker_ is a broker who deals in the purchase and sale of
stocks or shares for others. What is known as a _stockjobber_ is one
who buys and sells stock on his own account on speculation: he is a
useful medium between the public and the broker.

There are some dealers on the _Stock Exchange_—the mart where stocks
and shares are bought and sold—who, by a poetic figure, are known as
_Bulls_ and _Bears_. Bulls are dealers who buying stock low have an
interest in trying all sorts of devices to raise prices. Bears, on
the other hand, try to bring prices down, they being commonly persons
who have sold and undertaken to deliver more stock than they are in
possession of, and who are therefore under the necessity of buying
in at a loss in order to settle their accounts. How they came to be
called bulls and bears is doubtful. “They have been connected,” says
one writer, “with the animals to which allusion is made by a reference
to their respective modes of attack. The bear crushes, or bears _down_
his antagonist, whereas the bull’s method is to toss him _up_.”

_Transfer_ is the legal operation by which the rights and
responsibilities of the people disposing of stock or shares are
conveyed to those who buy. When the purchaser, or his or her attorney,
signs the transfer in the bank books, that is known as _Acceptance of
Stock_.

The periodical payments of interest made by the Government to the
holders of the National Debt and other public funds are known as
_Dividends_. The term dividend is also applied to the sums paid to the
shareholders of a company at each periodical division of profits.

_Cum-Dividend_ means that the purchaser of the shares is to receive the
dividend then payable or about to be paid. That is to say, the sale is
_with_ the dividend.

_Ex-Dividend_ just means the reverse; a sale _ex-dividend_ is _without_
the dividend.

_Paid-up shares_ are shares on which the full subscribed or nominal
amount has been paid up. In the case of a limited liability company,
for example, the shares may be nominally of £100, with £50 paid-up.
Here the purchaser has to consider that she is liable at any time to be
called on to subscribe the remaining £50 per share. Should the company
come to grief she will not only lose what she paid for the shares, but
be liable for £50 as well upon each share.

When the price of securities of any kind is equal to their nominal
value, they are said to be at _par_. Suppose £100 shares in a gas
company are selling at £94, they are 6 per cent. _below par_; if £103
they are 3 per cent. _above par_.

When you see shares quoted as _at a premium_—say £1 shares at 5s.
_premium_—that means that for every share you would have to pay 25s.,
or 5s. more than its nominal value.

_Debentures_, as commonly understood, are mortgage deeds given by
railway companies in acknowledgment of borrowed money. Debenture
bonds give the holders the first claim for dividends on the company’s
receipts.

_Preference Shares_ are shares on which a dividend is bound to be paid
so long as the net income is sufficient, even though there should not
be a farthing left for the ordinary shareholders.

A _Dividend Warrant_ is the document which entitles the holder of stock
to receive payment of her dividend. Dividend warrants may be lodged
with one’s banker in the same way as cheques.

_Coupons_ is a term used for dividend or interest warrants attached to
bonds running for a fixed number of years. They are usually printed
at the bottom of the bond, there being one for every period at which
interest becomes due. They must be cut off and presented at the right
time to the appointed banker or agent. Many coupons require a stamp,
which must be placed at the back, and have the name of the person to
whom the money is due written across it.

(_To be continued._)

[Illustration]




UNCLE JASPER.

BY ALICE KING.


CHAPTER I.

“I shan’t, won’t, and can’t like Uncle Jasper; it’s quite impossible,
I know, for me to do it; if he had any other name I might perhaps try;
but Jasper, Jasper, just fancy liking anyone with such a name! He’s
quite certain, with a name like that, to keep the windows tight shut
in July, and insist on my wearing a fur cape in April, and eating
oatmeal porridge for breakfast, and no butter and marmalade; and he’ll
be always dressed in a hideous, flaring red dressing-gown, and he’s
sure to have a wig, and he’ll never take a walk with me after sunset,
because of some horrid old whim about catching cold. No, it’s not to be
supposed that I can even tolerate Uncle Jasper; and as for going and
living with him, and leaving our bright, jolly life here, it’s quite
out of the question.”

The speaker was myself. At that time I was a girl of fourteen, with
brown eyes, and little feet that danced in unison; with a slight figure
which, in its restless activity, brings to my mind now, as I look back,
the ceaseless motion of the pampas grass when the breeze touches it
ever so softly; with thick, frizzy, rebellious, dark hair, that utterly
refused to accommodate itself to any known fashion of hairdressing
whatsoever; with a broad, intelligent brow, which sometimes wrote the
word “wilfulness” much too legibly upon itself in certain wrinkles and
lines, if contradiction or any kind of supposed indignity stirred up
my spirit within me, as was much too often the case; with a little red
mouth, which was occasionally much too resolute a mouth for a young
lady who had not travelled on very far in her teens.

Both my parents had died when I was quite a little child; they had
lived in India, and I had known very little of their love or care. I
had no near relations in England to take me under their protection; I
had spent my whole life at school, going for my holidays to the houses
of different schoolfellows. I was the heiress to a small fortune of my
own, which was managed by an old gentleman in the city who had been
left my guardian, and who never came to visit me more than twice a
year, when he paid a state call at my school, and sat with me and the
head schoolmistress in the grand, chill drawing-room—into which no one
ever entered save on the most solemn occasions—for two terrible hours,
inquiring into my health, my studies, and my expenses, at the end of
which periods I always felt as if I had been for a voyage at sea on the
top of an iceberg.

Now the one thing wanting in my young life was love. I was a clever
girl, and took generally a lion’s share of the prizes in the school
for every kind of learning and accomplishment. I was endowed with a
fair proportion of good looks, and I had quite as much money allowed me
by my guardian as any girl of my age could reasonably desire. I could
not say that I wished especially for anything which was not within the
reach of my attainment in the circumstances in which I was placed;
still, I had a vague consciousness that I did want something, and this
something was love. As has been said, I had no near relations, and I
was not one of those girls who seem to carry about with them a fairy
machine for manufacturing affection wherever they go. My religion was
at that time more of a dead form than a living spirit, warming and
colouring my whole life; and thus I was wanting in the highest power of
all for waking and creating love in those around us.

The two ladies who kept our school and the under-governesses were
all, in a certain way, proud of me for my cleverness and good looks.
But none of them tried to make their way into my heart. They were all
somewhat indolent women, and as I did them credit in their school,
they gave me my way far more than was good for me, and so fostered the
wilfulness which was one of the worst features of my character. My
schoolfellows, most of them, liked me to a certain extent; my lively
chatter—for I had always a nimble tongue—made me a pleasant companion
and an agreeable visitor. At the same time, however, they were all a
little afraid of me, on account of the reputation I had for superior
mental gifts, and not one among them ever endeavoured to be intimate
with me. They went so far in their acquaintance with me—that is, as far
as a thick rind of proud reserve which surrounded the inner recesses of
my thoughts and feelings would allow; and when they reached this point
they were content to remain without the barrier.

Things went on in this way with me till a new girl, called Lily
Greenwood, came to our school. Lily was not either as clever or as
pretty as I was; but there was a charm about her which I had not—the
charm of a sweet, sympathetic nature, which the high, pure atmosphere
of a Christian home had developed early into blossoms of rare beauty.
In a month everyone in the school loved Lily. Even the girls with the
prickliest tempers, who were always saying “won’t” and “shan’t,” said
“will” and “shall” to Lily; and the girls with the dullest brains, who
could never be either pulled or driven through the German declensions,
brightened up at her magic spells, and grew quite starlike in their
gleams and twinkles of intelligence; and the greedy girls got to share
their most cherished dainties with her, because she set them such an
example of entire, smiling, gracious unselfishness; and the very cat,
who used to spit and grumble if but the skirts of our dresses touched
her, came to sit on Lily’s knee, and rejoiced in being stroked by her
hand.

Among the rest, I fell gradually under the witchery practised by Lily.
She seemed to know by instinct that love was what I wanted, and she
came and wove a web of sunbeams around me, till at length I was caught
in it. I began to open my heart to her, and to let her come in, as I
had never done to anyone before; and I began, too, to feel real warm
affection for her. Still, I did not let Lily’s influence work upon me
for good as much as it ought to have done; my pride forbade it, and I
continued in most things my old wilful self.

Some few months before my story begins it had been discovered by the
doctors that my chest was delicate, and that it would be beneficial
for my health to spend the winter in a warmer climate. My guardian,
who was always very eager to atone for his want of affection for me by
most scrupulous care for my temporal well-being, at once decided that
I should go to the South of France in November, and remain there till
April, and came to my schoolmistress to arrange with her as to how the
plan could be carried out. It was settled that Miss Dolly, the younger
of our schoolmistress’s sisters, who kept the school jointly with her,
should occupy, with me, a villa near Cannes, and that I should have
one companion of my own age to keep me from being dull. Great was my
joy when I heard that this companion was to be Lily. She was not very
strong, and her father, who had lately lost his wife (on which account
Lily had been sent to school), thought it a good opportunity of getting
needful change for her without having to go with her himself, and leave
his business as a merchant for a while.

The plan had proved a great success, as far as Lily and I were
concerned. Our bodily strength increased in the warm, sweet, southern
air; we learned to talk French like natives; we rejoiced in long
rambles through the vineyards and among the bands of flowers which soon
began to appear in the land as the fair vanguard of spring; but it
cannot be said that it was exactly a season of joy and repose for Miss
Dolly.

Miss Dolly was one of the mildest, most characterless single ladies
that ever put on a cap. When she went into office at the Villa
Chantilly, it was, of course, intended that she should rule her pupils;
but the fable could not long be kept standing on its feet; it quickly
appeared that her pupils, or at least one of her pupils, and that one
myself, ruled her entirely. I insisted on all the furniture in the
house making the strangest migrations from room to room about twenty
times in succession, to suit my fancy; I vexed poor Miss Dolly’s soul
by causing the cooks to give warning, one after another, because I
would not be satisfied without going down daily into the kitchen to
enter into an exhaustive study of the way to make omelettes; I made
raids into the garden to gather flowers when I ought to have been
practising my scales; I put on a bland air of submission when Miss
Dolly made a supreme decree that we were never to be out after the dew
began to fall; and then, while she slumbered in her armchair (with
Rollin’s History, which she had been reading out loud, in her lap),
coolly stepped out through the window on to the turf in the moonlight.
Lily endeavoured, it is true, to strengthen Miss Dolly’s hands as far
as she could, but at the same time I saw, plainly enough that smiles
would now and then, in spite of herself, come creeping round her mouth
as she watched my proceedings. The result of all this was, as might be
naturally expected, that I grew more wilful than ever, and fonder of my
own way in everything.

Such was the state of things in the Villa Chantilly when, one morning
early in March, there arrived from Miss Dolly’s elder sister in England
a letter which seemed likely to change the whole course of my future.
It told how there had come to the school a gentleman making anxious
inquiries about me, Beatrice Warmington, and how this gentleman was
my uncle, Mr. Jasper Rosebury. I had never heard of such a relation,
and at first I simply refused to believe in his existence. A few more
sentences of the letter, however, proved most indisputably that Mr.
Rosebury had married my mother’s elder sister, that she had died young,
before my mother was married herself, and that he had then gone to
Australia, where he had remained ever since. I had, of course, never
even heard his name; for when my parents were alive I was too young
to understand anything about our family history, and my guardian had
probably never thought it worth while to trouble himself to make known
to me the facts concerning my aunt’s early marriage and death. Besides,
Jasper Rosebury had not been heard of for some years, even by his own
relations.

The letter, moreover, informed us that my Uncle Jasper was about
to come to the villa, and take me away from school and all school
authority for good, to live with him. It was against this plan that
I was raising up such energetic objections. I did not wish to leave
my bright, enjoyable life at the villa; I did not wish to have an old
gentleman, such as my imagination represented my uncle, for a constant
companion; and, most of all, I did not wish to be separated from Lily.
Besides all this, I had taken a whimsical but most resolute dislike to
my uncle, simply because I had a prejudice against his Christian name,
Jasper.

The scene grew more and more disturbed round the breakfast-table that
morning in the Villa Chantilly. Miss Dolly remonstrated, coaxed, cried,
made a faint attempt at scolding, and then cried again. As for myself,
I did nothing but repeat over and over a most flat and unequivocal
refusal ever to live with Uncle Jasper. He would be here to-morrow,
Miss Dolly sobbed. Then let him be here; that made no difference to me.
I would not go with him.

“Oh, Beatrice!” here put in Lily’s sweet, low voice—she had been making
attempts from time to time to still the storm—“if it was only my dear
mother’s brother, whom she used to tell me so much about, come back,
how happy—”

But here I broke in upon her with, “I wish, Lily, that you and Miss
Dolly were tied up in a bag with all the old rusty, musty uncles and
aunts going, then, I should think, you’d both have a jolly time of it.”

After that I flounced out of the room, banging the door after me.

It was all very well to flounce and bang, but I knew well enough in my
inmost soul that no flouncing and banging could change the fact that
Uncle Jasper would be here to-morrow. I meditated and meditated upon
this certainty, until out of it, and out of my resolute, headstrong
wilfulness, there grew up a firm determination—I would run away.

(_To be continued._)




ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.


EDUCATIONAL.

WEED OF THE FAMILY.—1. Vinegar should never be taken alone. In salad
there should be an equal part of olive oil, or a cream and egg mixture
added to it. 2. The worldly rich man, who pampered himself and showed
no mercy to the poor creature who crawled to his gate for his charity
in vain, was popularly called Dives for lack of a name, which signifies
in one word what he was, _i.e._, rich man, the word used in the Vulgate
(Latin).


ART.

NINETEEN will find the china sold at Doulton’s, Mortlock’s, and other
well-known firms, the most satisfactory for painting upon. The faults
she names arise more from the firing and the application of the colour
than the foundation.

ADAH.—Bronze painting materials are sold at most artist colourmen’s,
and are always procurable if not in stock when required. Each bottle of
colour costs from sixpence to a shilling, and the price of a bracket
depends on the number of colours used.

S. K. C.—The best apparatus for setting crayon drawings is called
Rouget’s fixative. A thin spray of the fixative is dispersed over the
surface of the completed work in the same way that scent is thrown
about a room.

ALICE.—1. A crayon copy is not eligible for exhibition at the Royal
Academy. 2. A little ammonia will clean gilt picture frames and restore
their brightness.

PERSEVERANCE.—With regard to the circular you have enclosed to us, it
appears to be the same as many others which we have seen, and we should
recommend caution regarding it. Many ladies have spent money and time
over similar advertisements, and have got nothing by so doing.

P. Z.—Pencil drawings are set by milk and water being poured over their
surfaces. The milk used is skim milk largely diluted by water. A dinner
dish or large tray is used in which to immerse the drawing by some
people; others pour the water over them, and hang the drawings over the
back of a wooden chair to drip dry.

LADY OLIVE.—To cover table-tops with Christmas cards, the wood should
be first sized with strong size, and when dry the cards affixed to
the surface with strong gum. Then re-size and varnish with white hard
varnish. The cards should be arranged on the table first with pins.

KINDER GARTNER.—We think that you might extract the grease stains
from the paper by covering it with blotting-paper and holding a hot
flat-iron near it. But you must do it gradually and watchfully, or you
may curl up the tinted paper. You had better lay the blotting-paper at
the back of the embossing.

MRS. WAINWRIGHT.—In former times surnames were variously spelt by
members of the same families owning them. That of the famous Flemish
painter, Sir Anthony Vandyck, or Vandyke, is an exemplification of this
fact. In Benjamin Vincent’s “Dictionary of Biography,” in Gorton’s
“Biographical Dictionary,” the “Student’s Encyclopædia,” and in
Phillip’s “Dictionary of Biographical Reference,” Sir Anthony’s name is
spelt with a “c”. So also is that of Daniel Vandyck, a French painter
of the seventeenth century, and Philippus Vandyck, a Dutch painter,
1680-1752. A good connoisseur would be able to tell you to which of
these masters your picture may be attributed.

ASHE INGEN COURT.—Rosenburg’s “Guide to Flower Painting,” published by
Rowney, is a good shilling manual. Noble’s “Guide to Water-colours,”
also published by the same, and Green’s “Sketching from Nature,” three
volumes, one shilling each, are all satisfactory, and would fulfil your
requirements.

MITTIE SMITH.—To transfer prints to glass you must lay a thin coating
of Venice turpentine over the face of the print, and then proceed as if
you were doing decalcomanie.


HOUSEKEEPING.

A. W.—Cocoa is made from the nibs in a tin-pot like a coffee-pot. Put
in half a teacupful each morning, fill the pot with cold water, and
keep it on the stove all day, so that the goodness may stew out of the
nibs. Use it at breakfast, or when required, each day, and when empty
fill as directed, leaving each day’s cocoa nibs in the pot till the end
of the week.

RALE CEARNEY.—The cheese course comes before the dessert.

YARMOUTH BLOATER.—1. Steaming is considered the best way of cleaning
feathers, but in the country, where they must be done at home, they
should be put into warm water, to which should be added a little soda
or chloride of lime. After this wash they are rinsed in cold water and
put to dry on a clean cloth. If dried in a stove, they must be put into
bags of clean muslin, and placed in the oven with the door open till
the drying is complete and they are fit for use. We are sorry to hear
you do not lend the volumes of the G.O.P. even to your sisters; it
seems like an old story many times read and told, but not often taken
to heart—the talents laid carefully by in a napkin. Read the verse at
1 Tim. vi. 18, and be willing to communicate even your most cherished
articles.


MUSIC.

FIVE YEARS SUBSCRIBER.—Rubbing the hands and fingers well with oil will
render them supple, and also scale practice.


MISCELLANEOUS.

M. S. K.—You must make your own choice; we could not lay down any
dogmatic rule as to the merits of one Christian community over another.
God had an elect people in the Israelites, and to those who did not
live up to the Divine privileges they enjoyed, our Lord said it would
be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of judgment than
for them. God has, in His wisdom and goodness, elected you into some
division of the Christian Church—His fold on earth—which is composed of
many communities (united on the main though differing respectively on
the minor doctrines of the Christian faith). You might have been born a
Jew, heathen, Mahommedan, Red Indian, or of any other parentage outside
the pale of His fold, but you were elected to enjoy special privileges,
a knowledge of Divine truth, and all the precious means of grace. Under
such circumstances, if you be not devout, your judgment will be the
more severe; for, like Esau, you will have thrown away your birthright,
and thus your blessing, for you are a responsible being.

MAGGIE MARY.—We sympathise much with you in the sentiments you express,
and the experiences you have had, and we quite agree with you that
prayer, offered in faith in the special divine promises to which you
refer, will do more for the sick than any human means. Have recourse to
the former, and have nothing to do with mesmerism. If you write again,
give your address.

MARY L. SAUNDERS is thanked for informing us of the institution of a
school at Haldon View, Topsham, Devon, for children of weak intellect.
We are gratified to hear that a suggestion of ours caused the carrying
out of this charitable plan. The premises are excellent, and there is
accommodation for eight pupils. The promoters of the scheme are sisters
of the writer, and have a licence.

GWENDOLIN MARZIPAN.—The Odd Minutes Society might suit you; sec., Miss
Powell, Luctons, Buckhurst-hill, Essex. The particulars will be sent
you in print.

SHIRLEY.—See page 192, Part for January. A man’s money does not go to
any brother or sister should he die intestate and leave a widow or
children. In the latter case the widow has a third of his property,
and the rest is divided equally between his children. Should he die
leaving only one child, the widow still has her third and the one child
(whether son or daughter) inherits all the rest—that is, two-thirds.
His brothers and sisters cannot claim a farthing when he leaves a widow
and child, excepting by will.

IVY LEAF.—James Mason has given a series of articles on the subject of
your letter—“Every Girl a Business Woman,” beginning in vol. viii.,
p. 118. No stamp was necessary on the I.O.U. given you as a receipt
for your £30 loan to some man. How disgraceful on the part of one of
his sex to borrow such a sum of a girl, and require to be sued for its
recovery!

CARELESS ONE.—Refer to our indexes for our instructions entitled “How
to Remove Inkstains from Ivory,” etc.

BLACK TOM.—1. The girl you name as being hopelessly attached to a
man she has never met but only seen at concerts, should be sent
away from the foreign town where you both are staying, either to a
friend’s house and care or to a good school. The story is of a most
humiliating character; she disgraces the sex, the members of which
should be sought, not themselves the seekers. Certainly you should not
make any such revelations and overtures to a stranger. If she have no
self-respect herself, her friends should not betray such a deplorable
state of things. It would be like dragging her through the gutter. 2.
We could not hazard an opinion on what was your disease. Your writing
slopes the wrong way.

PERPLEXED.—Go to receive the Holy Communion in charity with all, in
humility and repentance, with a steadfast resolution, by the help of
the Holy Spirit, to amend your life and cherish no wilful sin, nor any
omission of duty. Confess your utter unworthiness and accept Christ as
your only hope. Thus you will not present yourself unworthily.

YUM-YUM wishes to obtain the publication of a story which she has
written. We cannot altogether comply, but give an extract. A young man
was given over in decline, induced by the refusal of his suit to a girl
called Gwendolyne. But the latter being hungry one day, “Alexander took
her to an eating house, and treated her to a sausage, and then, indeed,
gratitude won the day, for Gwendolyne leaned her head on Alexander’s
shoulder, and she was his.” We cannot undertake to insert Yum-yum’s
nor Gwendolyne’s photographs in the G.O.P. in return for her story, as
desired.

ONE PERPLEXED has jilted her intended husband after some years’
engagement, and this without giving him the full explanation he had a
right to demand. She has left him, moreover, for a whole year without
one word of such explanation. There is so great a diversity in opinion
amongst religious, God-fearing people as to a sincere Christian’s
liberty (in such matters as that which has led her to cast off her
intended) that we consider her conduct the more reprehensible.

M. E. B. (Charnwood).—Apply to our publisher. The Editor has nothing to
do with his department.

MARITZBURG.—Write to Miss E. Faithfull, who conducts the Institution
for female emigration in Manchester, 10, Albert-square (Scottish
Insurance Buildings). State your case, and we think the matter might be
arranged for you, if you said any opening was ready for you.

[Illustration: SPRING.]

ABITUR OF THE HILLS.—The name cayenne is French, and should be
pronounced kay-en.

VIOLET.—We do not enter into nor discuss subjects of the kind about
which you inquire. If your parents really object to your receiving the
Holy Communion oftener than once a month, why should you cross their
wishes? You would show good feeling in consulting them on all occasions
short of an infringement of a positive duty, and no divine command
prescribes the frequency of your availing yourself of this spiritual
privilege.

IVY.—Were you of full age, it would still be your duty to please and
requite your parents, and to stretch a great point so to do; but as a
mere minor of eighteen, it is an act of rebellion on your part to keep
company and flirt with any man. The next time he presumes to address
you, say he can do so no more, as your parents object to it, and then
walk resolutely away. As he is above you in position, your parents are
wise in their view of the case.

INVESTOR is reading, we hope, Mr. James Mason’s articles on business
for women, in the present numbers of the G.O.P. We do not know anything
of the company you mention, and should advise you to write and make
inquiries from them; and we also recommend you to divide what money you
have, to avoid having “all your eggs in the same basket.” Put £50 each
into two things, for instance. Is there not some old and respectable
building society where you live that you could inquire about?

EMMA HAY.—1. The 23rd April, 1865, was a Saturday. 2. Your writing
might be improved.

ETHILD MYA B.—We do not know what to suggest, save to teach knitting
to all your little class, and then get them some clothing for poor
children to make. Boys are taught both plain sewing and knitting in
Board schools now.

KATHLEEN.—The quotation, “They also serve who only stand and wait,” is
from Milton’s poem on his blindness.

WILD ROSE L.—1. The numbers are sixpence each. Six would be 3s., and
the parcels post about 6d. 2. The 23rd of January, 1863, was a Friday.
The word “truly” does not need an “e” in it.

SYNGE.—We are much obliged for your letter and its quotation, which we
know well. We do not suppose that the writer intended more than half a
truth in what he said, probably in allusion to the single watch-notes
of the robin. In the limits of a short article it is not possible to
go into many particulars. We know many people who never heard a robin
sing, as his tones in the spring and summer are always drowned in the
general chorus.

LILIAN has our sincere sympathy on the three accounts named. May she
find rest in the knowledge of that “Friend that sticketh closer than a
brother.” We regret that she gave no address. Has Lilian a movable desk
to accommodate to her convenience as she reclines? If so, she might
sometimes prepare scrap-books for hospitals, with every sort of picture
and card. Such books are made very entertaining both to the maker and
the receiver by decapitating figures and making an exchange of heads,
especially in the case of old photographs; also in introducing figures
into landscapes and interiors. Such books are a real boon to sufferers
in hospitals.

S. E. P.—You seem to need a tonic. As your general health must be weak,
perhaps some cod-liver oil would answer. Keep your feet dry and warm,
and wear flannels next the skin.

GINGERBOTTLE.—1. Handel, the composer, was buried in Westminster Abbey.
2. The best thing to do about colds, we think, is not to catch them.

HOPEFUL YUM-YUM.—You should say, “None of us have,” and “Neither of us
is.” We regret that your letter was not answered before.

E. O.—1. The 17th February, 1862, was a Monday. 2. The tale of “Only a
Girl-Wife” was begun in the G.O.P. for October 3rd, 1885.

ISABEL.—The Editor regrets to decline Isabel’s poem, but is much
obliged for her good opinion of the G.O.P.

EILEEN.—Is the poem meant for blank verse? If so, it is incorrect in
its construction, and many of the expressions used are very unpoetical.

MISS GREENWOOD.—The lines you send us are fairly correct, and show
cleverness and a certain facility in writing. With practice you ought
to do much better.

ANNIE MAGGS.—Water for drinking should always be filtered; but the
impurities in it would vary in different localities. In some they would
arise from decayed vegetation. Boiled water is the safest to drink.

MAUD MORLEY.—A vamper means one who vamps, or pieces an old thing with
something new. It is not always applied to shoes and boots, for in some
parts of England “to vamp” means to bully or bluster, and in others it
means to travel, while in Swift’s writings we find the sentence, “I
never had much hopes of your _vamped-up_ play.”

R. M. A. and Others.—1. None of the handwritings are pretty, but all
distinct and easy to read. 2. Sir John Lubbock’s “Best Hundred Books”
would serve as a guide; also two very good articles in the _Leisure
Hour_ of last year, on the same subject, would contain all the
information needful.

LADY IRENE DALE had better send for our paper-pattern of “a bodice to
take the place of stays,” which she will see advertised in the monthly
list given at the end of every article on “Dress: in Season and in
Reason,” by the “Lady Dressmaker.”

N. WALES.—We recommend you to have nothing to do with the description
of experiments to which you refer. As our magazine is not a medium for
any kind of controversy, we do not name the subject to which you refer;
but we may tell you that we highly disapprove of them. We are glad that
your father and brothers like our magazine.

GOODY TWO-SHOES.—1. We think you must have made a mistake, and
that your bad dreams were the results of your suppers, not of your
abstinence from them. As a rule, they are by no means wholesome. The
digestive powers are weary after their due work of the day, just as
your legs and your brain. They should not be taxed when they need
repose. If set to work when tired, the work is only half done, and
headaches and blotches in the face, as well as unpleasant dreams, may
be expected. A biscuit and a cup of milk might be excepted from this
charge, and, possibly, be even desirable. 2. The 16th of August, 1865,
was a Wednesday.

MARY WRIGHT (New South Wales).—Your kind letter was very gratifying to
us, and we heartily wish you the same blessings that you desire for us.

AN IRIS.—1. We thank you for the recipe for preserving flowers in a
vase—_i.e._, to put a good pinch of salt in the water, and more if the
vase be large. It counteracts the bad effect produced by a hot room.
If your mother-in-law be kindly disposed towards you, as evidenced by
subscribing herself “affectionately,” and even “very affectionately
yours,” you may sign yourself “your affectionate daughter.” 2. The
operation, as performed in the sad case you describe, is indeed most
horrible. Happily, all cases and all modes of treatment are not alike.

BERYL.—You need complete change of air. If living inland, go to the
seaside; if on a plain, exchange to an elevated situation. If this
change be accompanied by a complete rest from intellectual work, and
from use of the eyes in reading, writing, or fine needlework; and,
added to this, you go out twice a day, abstaining from walks that will
fatigue you, and you take cod-liver oil or plenty of cream, we think
you will recover in a few months.

VIZER.—Friction is good for the liver, not “blows.” The use of a
skipping-rope is desirable, and brown wholemeal bread should be taken
for breakfast and tea—not mere ordinary bread with an admixture of bran.

FLAKE.—Hot potatoes and hot carrots are very wholesome; not so when
cold. Your digestion appears out of order. Consult a doctor.

TRING.—Perhaps tannin lozenges and alum and water gargle might be
serviceable to you; but we cannot prescribe for perfect strangers.

A LITTLE LAMB.—We sympathise much with you in the religious sentiments
you express, and we wish you God-speed.

PUZZLED ONE.—The word “glebe” has more than one meaning. Webster gives
four. It is derived from the Latin—_Gleba_, clod, land, soil. In mining
it means a piece of earth containing mineral ore; in ecclesiastical law
it means the land belonging to as parish church or benefice. It was
used to mean a meadow or field in your quotation.

TWO FERN LEAVES have no business to correspond with any young men
without their parents’ express sanction, and unless engaged to them.

JUNO.—Certainly, women can sign as witnesses to a will or any legal
document, provided they be of age.

MARY BROOKS.—We could not possibly tell you what salary you might
obtain at a fancy-work shop, as so much depends on the style of place,
situation, facility in obtaining hands, state of trade, and amount of
competition in that line of business, added to which must be your own
efficiency and experience. Inquire at several shops, and so discover
the average salary given.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE GIRL'S OWN PAPER, VOL. VIII, NO.
375, MARCH 5, 1887 ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
